# cloped/clojure-backend-auth

# How this project was created

From scratch using https://github.com/seancorfield/deps-new running the following command:

```shell
clojure -Tnew app :name cloped/clojure-backend-auth :target-dir clojure-backend-auth :overwrite true
```

# Motivation

This is a project that shows how to use the following stack with clojure:

- Clojure CLI + Tools Deps
- Pedestal
- Component
- Clojure tests
- Datomic
- Buddy-auth

# How to run local with REPL

This is a project in java 17.

You have to run `clj -Mdev -e "(require 'cloped.dev)(in-ns 'cloped.dev)" -r` so the REPL will be prompted on dev file, this
will allow you add anything from your toolbox for local development with REPL, Morse is an example.

# Base of this project

The base of this project is the Pedestal + Component guide available in Pedestal docs

# Installation

You can download dependencies with `clj -P`
___

TODO changes description below this

FIXME: my new application.

## Installation

Download from https://github.com/cloped/clojure-backend-auth

## Usage

FIXME: explanation

Run the project directly, via `:exec-fn`:

    $ clojure -X:run-x
    Hello, Clojure!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -X:run-x :name '"Someone"'
    Hello, Someone!

Run the project directly, via `:main-opts` (`-m cloped.clojure-backend-auth`):

    $ clojure -M:run-m
    Hello, World!

Run the project, overriding the name to be greeted:

    $ clojure -M:run-m Via-Main
    Hello, Via-Main!

Run the project's tests (they'll fail until you edit them):

    $ clojure -T:build test

Run the project's CI pipeline and build an uberjar (this will fail until you edit the tests to pass):

    $ clojure -T:build ci

This will produce an updated `pom.xml` file with synchronized dependencies inside the `META-INF`
directory inside `target/classes` and the uberjar in `target`. You can update the version (and SCM tag)
information in generated `pom.xml` by updating `build.clj`.

If you don't want the `pom.xml` file in your project, you can remove it. The `ci` task will
still generate a minimal `pom.xml` as part of the `uber` task, unless you remove `version`
from `build.clj`.

Run that uberjar:

    $ java -jar target/net.clojars.cloped/clojure-backend-auth-0.1.0-SNAPSHOT.jar

## Options

FIXME: listing of options this app accepts.

## Examples

...

### Bugs

...

### Any Other Sections
### That You Think
### Might be Useful

## License

Copyright © 2023 Eduardocarvalho

_EPLv1.0 is just the default for projects generated by `deps-new`: you are not_
_required to open source this project, nor are you required to use EPLv1.0!_
_Feel free to remove or change the `LICENSE` file and remove or update this_
_section of the `README.md` file!_

Distributed under the Eclipse Public License version 1.0.
